[birds chirping]
-[student 1] So, like…
-[grunts]
…ever since Morishige got dumped by Miura,
-he's been texting Hiroko constantly.
-[chuckles]
[student 2] No way. I can't even.
I guess Matsuzaki is single now too.
Oh! I almost forgot.
You wanna go to karaoke
after school, Tsubomi?
Huh? Oh.
Thank you,
but I'm actually not feeling so hot.
-I'll pass.
-[student 1 grunts] Oh, come on.
-You never hang out with us anymore.
-[gasps, sneezes]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[Tsubomi] Oh, no!
Snot just exploded from my nose!
Look, you don't have to sing or anything,
just come along, okay?
[Tsubomi chuckles] Maybe next time.
Do either of you have a tissue?
[student 1] Not me.
[Tsubomi] Could you two
put the cleaning tools away?
I'm going to go throw this in the garbage.
-[student 2] Hold on, let's all go.
-[Tsubomi chuckles nervously]
[student 2]
We'll walk really slow and kill some time.
Hmm?
Hey, how come you're covering your face?
[Tsubomi] Hmm? No reason.
-Yeah. What's up?
-Put your hand down so we can see!
[Tsubomi] No. No way. This is bad.
If they actually get a look
at all this snot under here, then…
-[dramatic music playing]
-Check out this pic
-of Tsubomi Takane's snot-covered face!
-[students snickering]
-[student 3] Ew, that's gross!
-[both cackle]
-[student 4] Aw, man!
-[student 5] You can't be serious!
[Tsubomi] That's definitely
what's going to happen.
-[Mob] Um. Excuse me.
-[both] Huh?
You two, the teacher's looking for you.
-[groans] This sucks. [grunts]
-[student 2] What a pain.
-[Mob] Wait, Tsubomi?
-[Tsubomi gasps]
-Sorry, now's not a good time.
-Here. Tissues.
[Tsubomi blowing nose]
I really appreciate this, Mob.
You saved me.
-Oh, sure.
-Hey, you know,
I was just thinking it's been a while
since the last time we talked.
-Hmm.
-Well, thanks.
-'Kay. See you later.
-See you later?
-[gasps]
-[heavenly music playing, fades]
-[bell dinging]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Mezato] Hey, Mob!
-[gasps, chuckles nervously]
-[pensive music playing]
-Can we talk for a second?
-[Mob] Mezato.
-I want to tell you about Sunday night.
The Psycho Helmet Religion
is holding a huge gathering
for all its followers. Care to tag along?
-[Mob] Sorry, but I'm not interested.
-Come on!
-You could at least check it out!
-[Tome clears throat] Hey, so…
-[gasps]
-Hi, Tome.
You haven't forgotten, have you?
You promised me
we would meet up on Sunday,
and search for telepathists,
didn't you, Mob?
I did? Oh, right.
You don't have to decide right now.
I'll give you a call at home later.
-[Emi] Well, Kageyama.
-Oh, Emi. What's up?
Just observing.
You're pretty popular, aren't you?
-Good for you.
-[Mob] Huh?
[giggles] Fine, play dumb.
See you later, Mr. Popular!
I'm popular? Really?
[gasps]
Come to think of it,
I have spoken to a lot of girls today.
For a minute there,
I even got to talk to Tsubomi alone.
Shige, are you heading home too?
I'll walk with you.
-Ritsu.
-Uh, uh.
[Mob] Can I talk to you about something?
[Ritsu] Yeah, sure.
[Mob] The thing is,
I think I might be getting popular.
Uh.
Never mind! Sorry. Forget I said anything.
[Ritsu] Oh, uh, eh… Brother!
[Mob] I'm sure I have the wrong idea.
Man, how embarrassing.
-Mm. [gasps]
-[ethereal music playing]
[Mob] Hey, is it just me,
or are all those girls looking over here?
[student 6] That Kageyama's such a hottie.
[Mob] I was right,
and they're whispering things
about me too.
[student 7] Yeah.
That Ritsu's something else.
-And so refined.
-[Mob] There might be a chance.
No. I'm sure of it. I've become popular.
[echoes] Shigeo's totally popular.
HEARING THINGS
[students gasping]
MOB ON A HIGH HORSE 100%
-[students murmuring]
-Finally. Congratulations, brother.
["1" playing]
["1" concludes]
-[tense music playing]
-[tourist 1] Is that the Divine Tree?
-[tourist 2] It's huge!
-Get in here!
-Selfie!
-[laughs]
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[guest 1 laughs] Well? Nice view, huh?
[guest 2] Lovely.
Don't miss our incredible roll cake
inspired by the Divine Tree!
Who's to say what luck it might bring?
Uh! The Divine Tree is truly on our side.
No matter what happens,
we can rely on it to answer our prayers!
[Green believer]
The helix of life embraced by the Earth.
We are but tiny beings
in the grand scheme of things,
so sayeth the Divine Tree.
[Dimple] When many desires and wishes
gather in one place,
their accumulated energy
gives rise to a new divinity.
This enormous broccoli
somehow became the symbol
of an elusive, ambiguous god.
There is a great energy
in its believers' desires,
and it is this energy
that allows the Divine Tree
to grow ever larger. And yet, in the end,
it's nothing more than a great,
big, worthless piece of broccoli!
In which case,
why shouldn't I take possession
of all that energy
and put it to better use?
If this world needs a god so badly,
I'm more than happy
to do the shepherding myself!
I'll give
this Psycho Helmet Religion the leader
whose presence
they've been so desperately craving.
[cackles maniacally]
GETTING CARRIED AWAY
~100%~
[Mrs. Kageyama] Shige!
-Phone call for you.
-[gasps]
[Mrs. Kageyama] And it's a girl, too!
[Mob] Hello? Oh. Mezato.
Hmm. That again, huh?
I keep telling you,
I'm really not cut out for it.
Hold on!
I know we've talked about this before,
but it's a bit
of a different story this time, okay?
Since the Divine Tree
appeared in our city,
-all kinds of people have shown up.
-[pensive music playing]
[Mezato] Many claiming to be the founder
of the Psycho Helmet Religion.
Now, they're planning to hold an audition
to determine once and for all
who the real founder is.
The way things are going…
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
…someone besides you is gonna end up
being named the founder
of the Psycho Helmet Religion!
I can't let that happen! Talk about lame!
-Um. Hey.
-[Mrs. Kageyama chuckles]
Let me call you back from my cellphone.
[Mezato] There are over 500,000 believers!
Wouldn't it be interesting if the founder
were a second-year middle school student?
Not to mention one
who happens to be a psychic!
Now that would be
totally mysterious and cool, right?
You're gonna end up super popular
with the girls after this.
Even Takane's gonna be into you!
-[gasps]
-[Mezato over cellphone] What's wrong?
[Mob over cellphone]
Hey, uh, Mezato, do you also--
-No. Never mind.
-Okay, then.
Well, anyway, the leader everyone needs
isn't some random phony.
It's you, Mob.
-Come to the founder auditions, okay?
-[grunts]
-[line disconnects]
-[dial tone ringing]
-The leader everyone needs is me.
-[cellphone beeps]
[Mob] Maybe taking on the role
of founder wouldn't be so bad.
-Couldn't have said it better, Shigeo!
-[gasps] Dimple? I wasn't expecting you.
You haven't been around lately.
What happened?
Considering the way you're looking
and sounding right now,
I should be the one asking you that.
What happened?
Ah, I see.
She said, "See you later"!
And you got the wrong idea.
No. There's no misunderstanding.
She really did say it.
You're blowing something a girl said
out of proportion.
It happens to prepubescent boys
all the time.
Same goes for those looks
you think you've been getting.
You can't begin to imagine the extent
to which no one ever notices you.
How would you know anything about it?
You weren't even there.
Listen to me, I wouldn't be saying this
if I didn't honestly care about you.
There is simply no way
you've become popular.
What did you come here for anyway?
I'm so glad you asked!
Those Founder Auditions, my boy!
-Yeah, what about them?
-Why are you sitting there like a lump?
Don't you know this is our chance
to make our move?
To finally take our place at the top!
Let's go there together!
-[Mob] But why?
-[Dimple] Huh?
I don't see how this has anything
to do with you, Dimple.
-[pensive music playing]
-Don't you remember?
The Psycho Helmet Religion
was an outgrowth
of the LOL organization that I created.
[Mob] But those people were only there
because you brainwashed them.
From what I can tell,
those in the Psycho Helmet Religion
came together by choice
to celebrate peacefully.
Why get in the way of that?
[Dimple] Wh… wh… what? [grunts] Hold on!
You can't underestimate the value
of a good leader.
And that's what those people want.
They're searching for someone
with divine powers.
[Mob] Yes. I know that.
-[dramatic music overlapping]
-[gulps, exhales]
But that leader isn't you, Dimple.
The one those people
have been searching for is me, not you.
[Dimple] What a turd brain.
I see. Do you really think
you have what it takes to lead the masses?
[Mob] I never said
I was actually going to do it, did I?
I know that's not something
I'm cut out for.
Well! Okay!
That's why the two of us
should join forces,
to bring about the formation
-of a brand new super-elite religion!
-[crowd cheering]
Just imagine.
-It'll be the inception of a new god!
-[heavenly music playing]
[Mob] And would this new god
be you, Dimple?
-[Dimple] Uh.
-What would you do as a god, exactly?
That's an interesting question.
All I know is I'd probably have powers
beyond my wildest imagination.
[Mob] Sorry, I don't care about power,
so this isn't something
I'm going to be able to help you out with.
Hey, come on! Are you seriously trying
to stand in my way?
If you don't do something,
some other jackass is going to take over!
They'll end up claiming
all of this divine energy for themselves!
So, that's how you got stronger.
You managed to steal some energy
from that broccoli.
-Mm? Mm.
-That's fine and all, but in the end,
aren't you just trying to come along
and take over too?
[Dimple] No! I'm--
The thing is-- I mean-- [grunts]
So, then what makes you any different
from the rest of them?
[Dimple stammers, grunts]
Listen. Dimple,
why not give the schemes a rest?
[grumbles]
Oh, Dimple.
Where has he been?
SATURDAY
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
-[traffic rumbling]
-[whimsical music playing]
[Reigen] So, how's night school,
Serizawa? Fill us in.
[Serizawa] It's a bit nerve-racking,
but I think I'll make it.
I don't have much faith
in my ability to make friends,
but I'm gonna try. [gasps]
-Hmm. And you?
-[munches]
Anything interesting going on
in your life lately, Mob?
I guess so. Well, sort of.
-[Reigen] Go on then, tell us about it.
-You don't usually take such an interest
-in our personal lives, Master Reigen.
-[gasps]
Hey, there's nothing going on
and I'm bored silly.
-[Serizawa munches]
-Honestly, just take a look at these jobs.
UNNATURAL DETERIORATION OF HOME
[Reigen groans] We've gotten, like,
four requests to check out
whether there's a supernatural explanation
for why some buildings are deteriorating.
I swear, somehow, they've gotten the idea
that we just do odd jobs around here.
[Mob] I guess we don't?
Well, there's nothing else for you two
to work on today,
so you can go home.
-All right then.
-[grunts] Wait, not so fast.
Before you leave,
I still wanna hear your story, Mob.
Hmm.
[Reigen] Huh.
You think you've gotten more popular.
I see. Well, you can go.
-[Serizawa] If you'll excuse me.
-Oh, I almost forgot something.
Tomorrow, I'm going to be attending
a religious gathering.
-[grunts] And, uh, is that a good idea?
-[cabinet clanging]
[Mob] Someone invited me.
Apparently, this group was formed
as a result of my actions,
and they want to recognize me
as their founder.
-[pensive music playing]
-[Reigen] How do you feel about it?
The only question is
whether I want to do it.
I'm thinking
I should have a meeting with them
-before I decide.
-[Reigen] Is he on a high horse or what?
Psycho, what was it again?
-[Mob] The Psycho Helmet Religion.
-[keyboard clacking]
[Reigen] Ah. Here we go.
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
[Reigen mumbles] Talk about half-assed.
COME ON OVER, EVERYONE
[Reigen] Yikes. Don't do it, Mob.
It's clearly shady, and…
CONGRATULATIONS!
WE'VE REACHED OVER 580,000 BELIEVERS!!
[Reigen] Uh, uh, 580,000 believers?
It's that popular?
And they accept donations, do they?
Yes. I see. [gasps]
I sense a business opportunity!
[breathes heavily, gasps]
You go to that gathering!
Serving as the founder
of a religion at least once
is part of being a man! Oh!
And listen, whatever you do,
make sure to tell your followers
-you have a master of your own!
-Okay.
Now, have you thought about what to wear?
This is your moment in the spotlight.
[Mob gasps]
[Reigen] Looks like
they're gonna stream it online,
which means you'll have hundreds
of thousands of people watching you.
What the heck should I wear?
-Put your hands out, Mob, right now.
-[gasps]
-[Reigen] Here's a bonus.
-[Mob gasps]
[Reigen] Go buy yourself a nice outfit.
Master, thank you so much!
[Mob] I'm supposed to buy clothes,
but what do people usually wear
for their moment in the spotlight?
I guess I'll go home and talk to Ritsu.
-[Teru] Kageyama?
-[gasps]
-I thought that was you!
-[Mob] Hanazawa!
-[pensive music playing]
-I understand.
Just relax,
and leave everything to me, okay?
-I know exactly which shops to go to.
-Oh, really? That's great! Thank you!
For a while now, I've been watching
what's going on in the city.
I'm guessing you must already be
well aware of it yourself.
Slowly but surely,
there's something happening here.
-[Mob] Wait. Hold on.
-[students chattering]
-[Teru] Something up with them?
-[Mob] It's just--
Lately, it seems like
I've got girls staring at me
wherever I go.
It's probably a misunderstanding,
but that's how it feels.
Ah? Kageyama.
I don't think
it's a misunderstanding at all.
When a guy's as cool as you are,
the ladies just can't help
looking his way, am I right?
That can't possibly be true.
It can't possibly…
or can it?
-[in deep voice] Well, well, well.
-What do you say we leave it at that?
Come on,
let's get you some hip new clothes.
[Mob] Yeah. Okay!
-[light-hearted music playing]
-[Teru] Ooh! Hey, this should look good.
[Mob] Oh, it's out of my budget though.
[Teru] Really?
Well, everything here is kinda pricy.
How's this?
It's a popular brand called Smart Monkey.
[Mob] If possible,
I'd like to keep it to 5,000 yen.
[Teru] Gotcha. We'll find it.
Hey. Here we go!
Five thousand yen on the dot,
and has a monkey design.
[Mob] All right! Let's go with that.
Thanks so much, Hanazawa.
[cash register dinging]
SUNDAY
Hey, bro,
so, you're gonna wear that out, are ya?
Yup! And it's all thanks to Hanazawa.
You don't say. That's just great.
[train tracks rattling]
-[Mob] This afternoon, I'm seeing Tome.
-[chuckles]
[Mob] Then Mezato tonight. I'm so busy.
[breathes deeply]
-Tome's running late.
-[indistinct chatter]
[Mob] I was so stressed out that,
by the end, I didn't know what to think.
I wonder if this shirt
is really all that cool.
-[monkey hooting]
-[dial tone ringing]
[Mob] Tome's not picking up.
How strange. Something happen to her?
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
All those taking part
in the founder auditions,
-please head inside immediately.
-[dramatic music playing]
THE TESTIMONY OF THE EARTH
The emergence of the Divine Tree
is clearly a message from the Earth.
[Dragon believer]
The Divine Tree is the nest of the dragon.
THE DRAGON'S SIGH
TEACHINGS OF GREEN
The Divine Tree
is an expression of nature's anger.
-[crowd cheering]
-[Jodo scoffing]
As if any of these two-bit sham religions
could handle the Divine Tree's real power.
RISING SUN SPIRITUAL UNION
Only we of the Rising Sun Spiritual Union
are truly capable of doing so.
AND THEN THESE OTHER RANDOM WEIRDOS
Rest assured,
you'll have every chance to make your case
in the auditions.
Come on, I'll escort you inside.
[indistinct chatter]
[Psycho believer 1]
This is quite a remarkable turnout.
[Psycho believer 2]
I thought everyone was half-kidding
about this Psycho Helmet Religion thing.
-But then where'd they all come from?
-[crowd humming]
[Psycho believer 1]
There's not going to be a riot, is there?
Please, fear not.
All we have to do is remain calm
and simply have faith.
Faith in our true founder
who revealed himself to us only yesterday.
And in Master Psycho Helmet,
who speaks on behalf of the Divine Tree!
[automated voice over voicemail]
We tried to connect you
to the number you dialed,
but unfortunately,
-the call could not be completed.
-[Mob] Mezato too, no answer.
And she didn't tell me the location.
I'll wait a little longer.
[Reigen slurps, munches, groans]
Hot. [grunts, hisses]
THAT WAS HILARIOUS LOLOL
I'MMA GO TO THE BATHROOM
[Reigen]
Mob sure is taking his sweet time.
Did he, like, chicken out or what?
Ah! Uh! [grunts]
HERE WE GOOOOOOOOOOO
BOWL CUT LOL
[Reigen] Here he comes now.
Sure seems confident, doesn't he?
Nice to meet you, everyone.
I am the one
that you have been seeking for so long.
-The founder of this religion.
-[gasps]
-I am Psycho Helmet.
-[tense music playing]
The hell? That's not Mob.
What the devil's going on here, anyway?
[automated voice over voicemail]
The number you have dialed…
[Reigen grumbles]
His damn phone's out of battery.
-[Psycho Helmet] …to avoid confusion.
-[crowd murmuring]
[Psycho Helmet] But in light
of the recent terrorist attack,
I have come to the realization
that this city is in need of a protector.
From this point forward,
I will be the one
who will lead everyone to happiness.
With the support
of the Psycho Helmet Religion,
and all of my loyal followers,
I will change the world.
[gasps] My battery's dead.
[Psycho Helmet] I can also reveal
that I am the creator of the Divine Tree.
It symbolizes the carefree nature
of the Psycho Helmet Religion.
As your desires grow,
the Divine Tree will increase in size,
and bring supreme happiness
to the whole world.
You should consider it an extension of me.
And please continue praying to it.
-[Mossar believer] Objection!
-[crowd clamoring]
[Mossar believer] The Divine Tree
is the egg in which the great…
[believer 1] Oh, Divine Tree!
Please quell your rage!
[believer 2] Divine Tree!
[believer 3 over cellphone]
Psycho Helmet, my ass!
[viewer 1] Ooh, boy!
[viewer 2]
Well, this is getting interesting.
Such heretical lies!
The Divine Tree will only
bring about happiness
under our supervision!
[Psycho Helmet]
Prepare to witness a miracle.
[believers screaming, clamoring]
-[gasps]
-A broccoli!
Broccoli.
[believer 4]
What in the world is going on here?
[crickets chirping]
["Cobalt" playing]
["Cobalt" concludes]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Reigen] This isn't good, Mob!
We're gonna be outta business
because of that broccoli!
Who cares if it's holy or popular?
We're gonna destroy it!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
Episode Four,
"Divine Tree 1, The Founder Appears."
A streaming service? Excellent decision!